*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 68254 ***

                                   MY
                                  TWIN
                                PUPPIES


[Illustration]



                                STORY BY
                            EDNA GROFF DEIHL


                              PUBLISHED BY
                      SAM’L GABRIEL SONS & COMPANY
                                NEW YORK


------------------------------------------------------------------------






                              _By the Same
                                Author_


                       “The Little Dog That Would
                           Not Wag His Tail”

                     “The Little Kitten That Would
                           Not Wash Its Face”

                      “The Teddy Bear That Prowled
                               at Night”

                         “The Little Chick That
                          Would Not Go To Bed”

                           “My Twin Puppies”

                           “My Twin Kitties”




                              Copyrighted
                                  1924
                      Sam’l Gabriel Sons & Company


------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration]

Once upon a time two little puppies were born on the very same day. Of
course that made them twins! One day when they were quite small, Jimmy’s
father brought them home in a big basket. Their backs were turned to
each other. One big, black eye was sticking out over one side of the
basket, and two saucy brown ones over the other side.

[Illustration]

“Oh, Daddy!” was all Jimmy could say.

“What shall we name them?” asked Daddy, after he had laid the doggies on
a pretty green cushion by the fireplace. Jimmy turned his blue eyes _way
up_. He was trying to think.

[Illustration]

In the next yard a little girl was blowing bubbles. The bubbles shown
like the puppies’ eyes. “Let’s call the BROWN ONE BUBBLES!” he said
suddenly. “Fine!” answered Daddy.

[Illustration]

Then he left his seat in the big arm-chair. The black-eyed puppy had
gotten off his cushion, and was trying to chew Jimmy’s shoe! “Go back to
your cushion!” he commanded, “You’ll make a lot of trouble, I can see!”
“Oh, Daddy!” shouted Jimmy. “Let’s call him TROUBLES!”

[Illustration]

One evening Daddy came home with a package. “Is it mine?” asked Jimmy.
“It is for your twins,” said Daddy.

When Jimmy opened it, two nice, new collars fell out! On one was a
silver plate with TROUBLES. On the other a silver plate with BUBBLES.

[Illustration]

Soon the puppies were very well trained. Every morning Jimmy took them
walking. _He_ walked in the middle. _Troubles_ stayed on the outside,
while _Bubbles_ was on the inside. They never got out of line.

[Illustration]

But one morning, before Jimmy could turn, they ran wildly across the
street, barking furiously! There on the other side was A BIG BLACK CAT!
Such a noise as they made! “Bow, Wow, Bow, Wow, Bow, Wow!
Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo! Bow-wow!”

[Illustration]

Suddenly the big, black cat arched her back and hissed at them! “Meow!
Meow! Meow! Meow! P-f-f-f-f-f-f-f!”

Jimmy laughed and laughed when the twins ran back pell-mell! He knew
they were afraid. “Fall in line!” he said, sternly. Then they marched on
down the street.

[Illustration]

One day Jimmy decided to be a circus man. “I will have trained dogs!” he
said.

Daddy taught him some tricks. First they got a big barrel-hoop. Troubles
and Bubbles did not want to jump through it at first, but soon they
learned how. Then they thought it heaps of fun.

[Illustration]

Soon they could do lots of tricks. They sat up and begged. Bubbles could
not hold his front paws as gracefully as Troubles.

It was so hard to teach them to walk! Bubbles seemed to be bow-legged,
and Troubles pigeon-toed, but at last they succeeded in taking ten steps
at a time.

[Illustration]

And how beautifully they sang after a few lessons! Troubles sang high
and Bubbles sang low.

But best of all they loved to play dead! They lay so still when Jimmy
covered them with an old shawl, that sometimes it frightened him!

[Illustration]

Then Jimmy had a birthday. His father said he might have a circus in the
garage! They trimmed it with flags and bunting, and fixed up some soap
boxes for a stage. Jimmy was so thankful for such a nice father, that he
gave him a BIG HUG!

[Illustration]

At last it was time for the circus. All the boys and girls in the
neighborhood came. Jimmy charged a penny admission. He wanted to buy a
gift for the little lame boy who lived in the alley. He let him come in
without paying anything.

[Illustration]

When the children were all in the garage Jimmy closed the doors. Then he
went to get the performers. THEY WERE GONE! Jimmy looked and looked but
he could not find them. His father looked and looked, but he could not
find them! His mother looked and looked, but she could not find them!
The children looked and looked but they could not find them!

[Illustration]

Jimmy felt like crying, but he didn’t! Instead he gave back a penny to
each girl and boy who had come to the circus. They all went home! Only
the little lame boy from the alley stayed. He and Jimmy sat on the
garage steps with their faces in their hands and their elbows on their
knees. They were thinking.

[Illustration]

“Yip! Yip! Yip! Yip!—Yip!—Yip!”

Jimmy looked at the lame boy. The lame boy looked at Jimmy! “Where are
they?” asked Jimmy. “It sounds as if they’re in the garage,” answered
the lame boy. But when they got into the garage it was EMPTY and VERY
QUIET!

[Illustration]

Once more they went out and sat on the steps. Soon they heard the crying
noise again. Jimmy called his father. Then they all listened.

“Yip! Yip! Yip! Yip!—Yip!—Yip!”

[Illustration]

It came from the corner where the automobile stood. But when they went
in to the car it was EMPTY. Jimmy’s father was as much puzzled as the
boys. Soon they heard it again. “Yip! Yip! Yip! Yip!” It was very weak.

Suddenly Father laughed! Then he lifted up the big front seat!

[Illustration]

Huddled in the corner, frightened out of their wits were the puppies! He
lifted them out by the back of their necks and placed them on the hood.
“You scamps!” he said, “You hid in there while I was getting some tools,
and I shut you in because I did not see you!”

[Illustration]

Soon the children heard that the circus dogs were found! They came
rushing back with their pennies! In a few minutes the garage was as
noisy as THE BIG TENT! Such clapping! Such shouting! Such barking!

[Illustration]

When it was all over the children went home. The little lame boy got his
present. The puppies had a good supper. Then Jimmy took them for a nice
long walk. Across the street was THE BIG BLACK CAT!

[Illustration]

But the twins paid no attention to her. They were too happy and full and
sleepy.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


[Illustration]


------------------------------------------------------------------------


[Illustration]

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 68254 ***
